Issue #779: get_project() root keyword fails silently (#792)
glotzerlab/signac: changelog.txt

Version 1
=========
next
----

> - Fix issue get_project() "root" keyword failing silently

Reviewer: Can you move this into the section under `[1.8.0]` / `Fixed` and include the issue / PR numbers? 1.8.0 hasn't been released yet, so that's the release that will contain this fix.

Version 1
=========

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 - User-provided path functions now raise an error if not unique (#666).
 - ``Collection`` class no longer raises an error when searching by a primary key that does not exist (#676).
 - Relative paths on Windows are not used if the current directory has no common prefix (#777).

>  - ``get_project()`` now returns an error if provided with a project root that does not exist (#779, #792)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - ``get_project()`` now raises an error if provided a root directory that does not exist (#779, #792).
```
